# RCMOD 1 a
The Marine who the officer wants to promote is always ready to risk his life for someone in need.
? Does the officer want to promote a Marine? Y
# RCMOD 1 b
The Marine who the officer want to promote is always ready to risk his life for someone in need.
? Does the officer want to promote an infantry soldier? N
# RCMOD 1 c
The Marine who the officers wants to promote is always ready to risk his life for someone in need.
? Do the officers want to promote a Marine? Y
# RCMOD 1 d
The Marine who the officers want to promote is always ready to risk his life for someone in need.
? Do the officers want to promote an infantry soldier? N
# RCMOD 1 e
The Marines who the officer wants to promote are always ready to risk their lives for someone in need.
? Does the officer want to promote Marines? Y
# RCMOD 1 f
The Marines who the officer want to promote are always ready to risk their lives for someone in need.
? Does the officer want to promote infantry soldiers? N
# RCMOD 1 g
The Marines who the officers wants to promote are always ready to risk their lives for someone in need.
? Do the officers want to promote Marines? Y
# RCMOD 1 h
The Marines who the officers want to promote are always ready to risk their lives for someone in need.
? Do the officers want to promote infantry soldiers? N
# RCMOD 2 a
The patient who the doctor checks on daily is undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Is the patient receiving routine treatment? N
# RCMOD 2 b
The patient who the doctor check on daily is undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Is the patient receiving experimental treatment? Y
# RCMOD 2 c
The patient who the doctors checks on daily is undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Is the patient receiving routine treatment? N
# RCMOD 2 d
The patient who the doctors check on daily is undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Is the patient receiving experimental treatment? Y
# RCMOD 2 e
The patients who the doctor checks on daily are undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Are the patients receiving routing treatment? N
# RCMOD 2 f
The patients who the doctor check on daily are undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Are the patients receiving experimental treatment? Y
# RCMOD 2 g
The patients who the doctors checks on daily are undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Are the patients receiving routing treatment? N
# RCMOD 2 h
The patients who the doctors check on daily are undergoing an experimental treatment.
? Are the patients receiving experimental treatment? Y
# RCMOD 3 a
The volunteer who the director relies on completely is dedicated to her work.
? Does the director depend on the volunteer? Y
# RCMOD 3 b
The volunteer who the director rely on completely is dedicated to her work.
? Does the director depend on the volunteer? Y
# RCMOD 3 c
The volunteer who the directors relies on completely is dedicated to her work.
? Does the director depend on a paid employee? N
# RCMOD 3 d
The volunteer who the directors rely on completely is dedicated to her work.
? Does the director depend on a paid employee? N
# RCMOD 3 e
The volunteers who the director relies on completely are dedicated to their work.
? Does the director depend on the volunteers? Y
# RCMOD 3 f
The volunteers who the director rely on completely are dedicated to their work.
? Does the director depend on the volunteers? Y
# RCMOD 3 g
The volunteers who the directors relies on completely are dedicated to their work.
? Does the director depend on paid employees? N
# RCMOD 3 h
The volunteers who the directors rely on completely are dedicated to their work.
? Does the director depend on paid employees? N
# RCMOD 4 a
The player who the coach likes the best is the one who always gets to practice on time.
? Is the coach's favorite player usually late for practice? N
# RCMOD 4 b
The player who the coach like the best is the one who always gets to practice on time.
? Is the coach's favorite player usually late for practice? N
# RCMOD 4 c
The player who the coaches likes the best is the one who always gets to practice on time.
? Is the coaches' favorite player usually punctual? Y
# RCMOD 4 d
The player who the coaches like the best is the one who always gets to practice on time.
? Is the coaches' favorite player usually punctual? Y
# RCMOD 4 e
The players who the coach likes the best are the ones who always get to practice on time.
? Are the coach's favorite players usually late for practice? N
# RCMOD 4 f
The players who the coach like the best are the ones who always get to practice on time.
? Are the coach's favorite players usually late for practice? N
# RCMOD 4 g
The players who the coaches likes the best are the ones who always get to practice on time.
? Are the coaches' favorite players usually punctual? Y
# RCMOD 4 h
The players who the coaches like the best are the ones who always get to practice on time.
? Are the coaches' favorite players usually punctual? Y
# RCMOD 5 a
The runner who the driver sees during the commute every morning always waves to say hi.
? Does the runner greet the motorist each morning? Y
# RCMOD 5 b
The runner who the driver see during the commute every morning always waves to say hi.
? Does the runner greet the motorist each morning? Y
# RCMOD 5 c
The runner who the drivers sees during the commute every morning always waves to say hi.
? Does the runner greet motorists each morning? Y
# RCMOD 5 d
The runner who the drivers see during the commute every morning always waves to say hi.
? Does the runner greet motorists each morning? Y
# RCMOD 5 e
The runners who the driver sees during the commute every morning always wave to say hi.
? Is the motorist usually ignored by the runners? N
# RCMOD 5 f
The runners who the driver see during the commute every morning always wave to say hi.
? Is the motorist usually ignored by the runners? N
# RCMOD 5 g
The runners who the drivers sees during the commute every morning always wave to say hi.
? Are the motorists usually ignored by the runners? N
# RCMOD 5 h
The runners who the drivers see during the commute every morning always wave to say hi.
? Are the motorists usually ignored by the runners? N
# RCMOD 6 a
The teenager who the farmer hires to pick fruit every summer usually works pretty hard.
? Is the teenager hired by the farmer an unreliable worker? N
# RCMOD 6 b
The teenager who the farmer hire to pick fruit every summer usually works pretty hard.
? Is the teenager hired by the farmer an unreliable worker? N
# RCMOD 6 c
The teenager who the farmers hires to pick fruit every summer usually works pretty hard.
? Is the teenager hired by the farmer an unreliable worker? N
# RCMOD 6 d
The teenager who the farmers hire to pick fruit every summer usually works pretty hard.
? Is the teenager hired by the farmer an unreliable worker? N
# RCMOD 6 e
The teenagers who the farmer hires to pick fruit every summer usually work pretty hard.
? Are the teenagers hired by the farmer typically reliable workers? Y
# RCMOD 6 f
The teenagers who the farmer hire to pick fruit every summer usually work pretty hard.
? Are the teenagers hired by the farmer typically reliable workers? Y
# RCMOD 6 g
The teenagers who the farmers hires to pick fruit every summer usually work pretty hard.
? Are the teenagers hired by the farmer typically reliable workers? Y
# RCMOD 6 h
The teenagers who the farmers hire to pick fruit every summer usually work pretty hard.
? Are the teenagers hired by the farmer typically reliable workers? Y
# RCMOD 7 a
The accountant who the administrator depends on to balance the books is very well paid.
? Does the administrator depend on a well-paid accountant? Y
# RCMOD 7 b
The accountant who the administrator depend on to balance the books is very well paid.
? Does the administrator depend on an underpaid accountant? N
# RCMOD 7 c
The accountant who the administrators depends on to balance the books is very well paid.
? Do the administrators depend on an underpaid accountant? N
# RCMOD 7 d
The accountant who the administrators depend on to balance the books is very well paid.
? Do the administrators depend on a well-paid accountant? Y
# RCMOD 7 e
The accountants who the administrator depends on to balance the books are very well paid.
? Does the administrator depend on well-paid accountants? Y
# RCMOD 7 f
The accountants who the administrator depend on to balance the books are very well paid.
? Does the administrator depend on underpaid accountants? N
# RCMOD 7 g
The accountants who the administrators depends on to balance the books are very well paid.
? Do the administrators depend on underpaid accountants? N
# RCMOD 7 h
The accountants who the administrators depend on to balance the books are very well paid.
? Do the administrators depend on well-paid accountants? Y
# RCMOD 8 a
The colleague who the researcher spends the most time with comes up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Does the researcher spend a lot of time with an uncreative colleague? N
# RCMOD 8 b
The colleague who the researcher spend the most time with comes up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Does the researcher spend a lot of time with a creative individual? Y
# RCMOD 8 c
The colleague who the researchers spends the most time with comes up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Do the researchers spend a lot of time with a creative individual? Y
# RCMOD 8 d
The colleague who the researchers spend the most time with comes up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Do the researchers spend a lot of time with an uncreative colleague? N
# RCMOD 8 e
The colleagues who the researcher spends the most time with come up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Does the researcher spend a lot of time with uncreative colleagues? N
# RCMOD 8 f
The colleagues who the researcher spend the most time with come up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Does the researcher spend a lot of time with creative individuals? Y
# RCMOD 8 g
The colleagues who the researchers spends the most time with come up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Do the researchers spend a lot of time with creative individuals? Y
# RCMOD 8 h
The colleagues who the researchers spend the most time with come up with crazy but inventive ideas.
? Do the researchers spend a lot of time with uncreative colleagues? N
# RCMOD 9 a
The supervisor who the counselor reports to directly is supposed to provide advice and support.
? Does the counselor have someone to go to for support? Y
# RCMOD 9 b
The supervisor who the counselor report to directly is supposed to provide advice and support.
? Does the counselor not have anyone to go to for support? N
# RCMOD 9 c
The supervisor who the counselors reports to directly is supposed to provide advice and support.
? Do the counselors have someone to go to for support? Y
# RCMOD 9 d
The supervisor who the counselors report to directly is supposed to provide advice and support.
? Do the counselors not have anyone to go to for support? N
# RCMOD 9 e
The supervisors who the counselor reports to directly are supposed to provide advice and support.
? Does the counselor have someone to go to for support? Y
# RCMOD 9 f
The supervisors who the counselor report to directly are supposed to provide advice and support.
? Does the counselor not have anyone to go to for support? N
# RCMOD 9 g
The supervisors who the counselors reports to directly are supposed to provide advice and support.
? Do the counselors have someone to go to for support? Y
# RCMOD 9 h
The supervisors who the counselors report to directly are supposed to provide advice and support.
? Do the counselors not have anyone to go to for support? N
# RCMOD 10 a
The customer who the waitress hates the most is the one who complains about everything and leaves a lousy tip.
? Is the waitress's least favorite customer actually a pretty good tipper? N
# RCMOD 10 b
The customer who the waitress hate the most is the one who complains about everything and leaves a lousy tip.
? Does the waitress's least favorite customer leave bad tips? Y
# RCMOD 10 c
The customer who the waitresses hates the most is the one who complains about everything and leaves a lousy tip.
? Is the waitresses' least favorite customer actually a pretty good tipper? N
# RCMOD 10 d
The customer who the waitresses hate the most is the one who complains about everything and leaves a lousy tip.
? Does the waitress's least favorite customer leave bad tips? Y
# RCMOD 10 e
The customers who the waitress hates the most are the ones who complain about everything and leave a lousy tip.
? Are the waitress's least favorite customers actually pretty good tippers? N
# RCMOD 10 f
The customers who the waitress hate the most are the ones who complain about everything and leave a lousy tip.
? Do the waitress's least favorite customers leave bad tips? Y
# RCMOD 10 g
The customers who the waitresses hates the most are the ones who complain about everything and leave a lousy tip.
? Are the waitresses' least favorite customers actually a pretty good tipper? N
# RCMOD 10 h
The customers who the waitresses hate the most are the ones who complain about everything and leave a lousy tip.
? Do the waitresses' least favorite customers leave bad tips? Y
# RCMOD 11 a
The folk dancer@r1 who@r2 the@r3 host@r4 praises@r5 has@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since she was a young girl in Ecuador.
? Does the folk dancer come from Ecuador? Y
# RCMOD 11 b
The folk dancer@r1 who@r2 the@r3 host@r4 praise@r5 has@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since she was a young girl in Ecuador.
? Does the folk dancer come from Ecuador? Y
# RCMOD 11 c
The folk dancer@r1 who@r2 the@r3 hosts@r4 praises@r5 has@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since she was a young girl in Ecuador.
? Does the folk dancer come from Venezuela? N
# RCMOD 11 d
The folk dancer@r1 who@r2 the@r3 hosts@r4 praise@r5 has@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since she was a young girl in Ecuador.
? Does the folk dancer come from Venezuela? N
# RCMOD 11 e
The folk dancers@r1 who@r2 the@r3 host@r4 praises@r5 have@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since they were young girls in Ecuador.
? Do the folk dancers come from Ecuador? Y
# RCMOD 11 f
The folk dancers@r1 who@r2 the@r3 host@r4 praise@r5 have@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since they were young girls in Ecuador.
? Do the folk dancers come from Ecuador? Y
# RCMOD 11 g
The folk dancers@r1 who@r2 the@r3 hosts@r4 praises@r5 have@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since they were young girls in Ecuador.
? Do the folk dancers come from Venezuela? N
# RCMOD 11 h
The folk dancers@r1 who@r2 the@r3 hosts@r4 praise@r5 have@r6 been@r7 performing@r8 since they were young girls in Ecuador.
? Do the folk dancers come from Venezuela? N
# RCMOD 12 a
The industrialist who the activist criticizes always puts profit above concern for the environment.
? Does the activist express admiration for the industrialist? N
# RCMOD 12 b
The industrialist who the activist criticize always puts profit above concern for the environment.
? Does the activist express admiration for the industrialist? N
# RCMOD 12 c
The industrialist who the activists criticizes always puts profit above concern for the environment.
? Do the activists express criticism toward the industrialist? Y
# RCMOD 12 d
The industrialist who the activists criticize always puts profit above concern for the environment.
? Do the activists express criticism toward the industrialist? Y
# RCMOD 12 e
The industrialists who the activist criticizes always put profit above concern for the environment.
? Does the activist express admiration for the industrialists? N
# RCMOD 12 f
The industrialists who the activist criticize always put profit above concern for the environment.
? Does the activist express admiration for the industrialists? N
# RCMOD 12 g
The industrialists who the activists criticizes always put profit above concern for the environment.
? Do the activists express criticism toward the industrialists? Y
# RCMOD 12 h
The industrialists who the activists criticize always put profit above concern for the environment.
? Do the activists express criticism toward the industrialists? Y
# RCMOD 13 a
The publicist who the politician hires during a crisis is expected to do damage control.
? Is the politician employing a publicist? Y
# RCMOD 13 b
The publicist who the politician hire during a crisis is expected to do damage control.
? Is the politician employing a publicist? Y
# RCMOD 13 c
The publicist who the politicians hires during a crisis is expected to do damage control.
? Is the politician employing a publicist? Y
# RCMOD 13 d
The publicist who the politicians hire during a crisis is expected to do damage control.
? Is the politician employing a publicist? Y
# RCMOD 13 e
The publicists who the politician hires during a crisis are expected to do damage control.
? Were the publicists fired in the crisis? N
# RCMOD 13 f
The publicists who the politician hire during a crisis are expected to do damage control.
? Were the publicists fired in the crisis? N
# RCMOD 13 g
The publicists who the politicians hires during a crisis are expected to do damage control.
? Were the publicists fired in the crisis? N
# RCMOD 13 h
The publicists who the politicians hire during a crisis are expected to do damage control.
? Were the publicists fired in the crisis? N
# RCMOD 14 a
The actor who the producer considers the safest bet is the one who has been around for a while.
? Is the producer's safe bet a fresh young actor? N
# RCMOD 14 b
The actor who the producer consider the safest bet is the one who has been around for a while.
? Is the producer's safe bet a fresh young actor? N
# RCMOD 14 c
The actor who the producers considers the safest bet is the one who has been around for a while.
? Is the producers' safe bet a fresh young actor? N
# RCMOD 14 d
The actor who the producers consider the safest bet is the one who has been around for a while.
? Is the producers' safe bet a fresh young actor? N
# RCMOD 14 e
The actors who the producer considers the safest bet are the ones who have been around for a while.
? Does the producer consider the experienced actors a safe bet? Y
# RCMOD 14 f
The actors who the producer consider the safest bet are the ones who have been around for a while.
? Does the producer consider the experienced actors a safe bet? Y
# RCMOD 14 g
The actors who the producers considers the safest bet are the ones who have been around for a while.
? Does the producer consider the experienced actors a safe bet? Y
# RCMOD 14 h
The actors who the producers consider the safest bet are the ones who have been around for a while.
? Does the producer consider the experienced actors a safe bet? Y
# RCMOD 15 a
The firefighter who the ranger keeps on hand during the summer months has special training in forest fires.
? Does the summer firefighter have any training in handling forest fires? Y
# RCMOD 15 b
The firefighter who the ranger keep on hand during the summer months has special training in forest fires.
? Is the summer firefighter completely inexperienced with forest fires? N
# RCMOD 15 c
The firefighter who the rangers keeps on hand during the summer months has special training in forest fires.
? Is the summer firefighter completely inexperienced with forest fires? N
# RCMOD 15 d
The firefighter who the rangers keep on hand during the summer months has special training in forest fires.
? Does the summer firefighter have any training in handling forest fires? Y
# RCMOD 15 e
The firefighters who the ranger keeps on hand during the summer months have special training in forest fires.
? Do the summer firefighters have any training in handling forest fires? Y
# RCMOD 15 f
The firefighters who the ranger keep on hand during the summer months have special training in forest fires.
? Are the summer firefighters completely inexperienced with forest fires? N
# RCMOD 15 g
The firefighters who the rangers keeps on hand during the summer months have special training in forest fires.
? Are the summer firefighters completely inexperienced with forest fires? N
# RCMOD 15 h
The firefighters who the rangers keep on hand during the summer months have special training in forest fires.
? Do the summer firefighters have any training in handling forest fires? Y
# RCMOD 16 a
The overseer who the worker distrusts the most has been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Is the overseer sympathetic to unions? N
# RCMOD 16 b
The overseer who the worker distrust the most has been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Is the overseer hostile toward unions? Y
# RCMOD 16 c
The overseer who the workers distrusts the most has been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Is the overseer hostile toward unions? Y
# RCMOD 16 d
The overseer who the workers distrust the most has been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Is the overseer sympathetic to unions? N
# RCMOD 16 e
The overseers who the worker distrusts the most have been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Are the overseers sympathetic to unions? N
# RCMOD 16 f
The overseers who the worker distrust the most have been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Are the overseers hostile toward unions? Y
# RCMOD 16 g
The overseers who the workers distrusts the most have been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Are the overseers hostile toward unions? Y
# RCMOD 16 h
The overseers who the workers distrust the most have been firing anyone who mentions unions.
? Are the overseers sympathetic to unions? N
# RCMOD 17 a
The lawyer who the candidate consults every morning tells him what campaign money he is allowed to accept.
? Does the candidate speak with a lawyer every day? Y
# RCMOD 17 b
The lawyer who the candidate consult every morning tells him what campaign money he is allowed to accept.
? Does the candidate only speak with a lawyer once a week? N
# RCMOD 17 c
The lawyer who the candidates consults every morning tells them what campaign money they are allowed to accept.
? Do the candidates speak with a lawyer every day? Y
# RCMOD 17 d
The lawyer who the candidates consult every morning tells them what campaign money they are allowed to accept.
? Do the candidates only speak with a lawyer once a week? N
# RCMOD 17 e
The lawyers who the candidate consults every morning tell him what campaign money he is allowed to accept.
? Does the candidate speak with lawyers every day? Y
# RCMOD 17 f
The lawyers who the candidate consult every morning tell him what campaign money he is allowed to accept.
? Does the candidate only speak with lawyers once a week? N
# RCMOD 17 g
The lawyers who the candidates consults every morning tell them what campaign money they are allowed to accept.
? Do the candidates speak with lawyers every day? Y
# RCMOD 17 h
The lawyers who the candidates consult every morning tell them what campaign money they are allowed to accept.
? Do the candidates only speak with lawyers once a week? N
# RCMOD 18 a
The tenant who the landlord strongly disapproves of stays out late on weekends and never mows his lawn.
? Does the tenant mow his lawn regularly? N
# RCMOD 18 b
The tenant who the landlord strongly disapprove of stays out late on weekends and never mows his lawn.
? Does the tenant go out on the weekends? Y
# RCMOD 18 c
The tenant who the landlords strongly disapproves of stays out late on weekends and never mows his lawn.
? Does the tenant mow his lawn regularly? N
# RCMOD 18 d
The tenant who the landlords strongly disapprove of stays out late on weekends and never mows his lawn.
? Does the tenant go out on the weekends? Y
# RCMOD 18 e
The tenants who the landlord strongly disapproves of stay out late on weekends and never mow their lawn.
? Do the tenants mow he lawn regularly? N
# RCMOD 18 f
The tenants who the landlord strongly disapprove of stay out late on weekends and never mow their lawn.
? Do the tenants go out on the weekends? Y
# RCMOD 18 g
The tenants who the landlords strongly disapproves of stay out late on weekends and never mow their lawn.
? Do the tenants mow the lawn regularly? N
# RCMOD 18 h
The tenants who the landlords strongly disapprove of stay out late on weekends and never mow their lawn.
? Do the tenants go out on the weekends? Y
# RCMOD 19 a
The comedian who the prisoner finds so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Does the prisoner think the comedian is entertaining? Y
# RCMOD 19 b
The comedian who the prisoner find so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Does the prisoner think the comedian is entertaining? Y
# RCMOD 19 c
The comedian who the prisoners finds so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Do the prisoners think the comedian is boring? N
# RCMOD 19 d
The comedian who the prisoners find so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Do the prisoners think the comedian is boring? N
# RCMOD 19 e
The comedians who the prisoner finds so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Does the prisoner think the comedians are entertaining? Y
# RCMOD 19 f
The comedians who the prisoner find so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Does the prisoner think the comedians are entertaining? Y
# RCMOD 19 g
The comedians who the prisoners finds so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Do the prisoners think the comedians are boring? N
# RCMOD 19 h
The comedians who the prisoners find so entertaining can find humor in the worst situations.
? Do the prisoners think the comedians are boring? N
# RCMOD 20 a
The pilot who the smuggler employs in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Does the smuggler work with a pilot in Florida? N
# RCMOD 20 b
The pilot who the smuggler employ in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Does the smuggler work with a pilot in Florida? N
# RCMOD 20 c
The pilot who the smugglers employs in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Do the smugglers work with a pilot in Brazil? Y
# RCMOD 20 d
The pilot who the smugglers employ in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Do the smugglers work with a pilot in Brazil? Y
# RCMOD 20 e
The pilots who the smuggler employs in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Does the smuggler work with pilots in Florida? N
# RCMOD 20 f
The pilots who the smuggler employ in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Does the smuggler work with pilots in Florida? N
# RCMOD 20 g
The pilots who the smugglers employs in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Do the smugglers work with a pilot in Brazil? Y
# RCMOD 20 h
The pilots who the smugglers employ in Brazil must be discreet and good at thinking fast.
? Do the smugglers work with a pilot in Brazil? Y	
# RCMOD 21 a	
The orphan who the nun tutors in algebra lost his parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Does the nun tutor the orphan in algebra? Y	
# RCMOD 21 b	
The orphan who the nun tutor in algebra lost his parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Does the nun tutor the orphan in algebra? Y	
# RCMOD 21 c	
The orphan who the nuns tutors in algebra lost his parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Do the nuns tutor the orphan in algebra? Y	
# RCMOD 21 d	
The orphan who the nuns tutor in algebra lost his parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Do the nuns tutor the orphan in algebra? Y	
# RCMOD 21 e	
The orphans who the nun tutors in algebra lost their parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Did the orphans lose their parents in a car wreck? N	
# RCMOD 21 f	
The orphans who the nun tutor in algebra lost their parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Did the orphans lose their parents in a car wreck? N	
# RCMOD 21 g	
The orphans who the nuns tutors in algebra lost their parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Did the orphans lose their parents in a car wreck? N	
# RCMOD 21 h	
The orphans who the nuns tutor in algebra lost their parents in the ongoing civil war.	
? Did the orphans lose their parents in a car wreck? N	
# RCMOD 22 a	
The columnist who the reader complains about frequently gives extreme opinions without backing them up.	
? Does the columnist provide any reasons for her extreme opinions? N	
# RCMOD 22 b	
The columnist who the reader complain about frequently gives extreme opinions without backing them up.	
? Does the columnist provide any reasons for her extreme opinions? N	
# RCMOD 22 c	
The columnist who the readers complains about frequently gives extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Does the columnist provide any reasons for her extreme opinions? N
# RCMOD 22 d
The columnist who the readers complain about frequently gives extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Does the columnist provide any reasons for her extreme opinions? N
# RCMOD 22 e
The columnists who the reader complains about frequently give extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Are the columnists complained about by the reader? Y
# RCMOD 22 f
The columnists who the reader complain about frequently give extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Are the columnists complained about by the reader? Y
# RCMOD 22 g
The columnists who the readers complains about frequently give extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Are the columnists complained about by the readers? Y
# RCMOD 22 h
The columnists who the readers complain about frequently give extreme opinions without backing them up.
? Are the columnists complained about by the readers? Y
# RCMOD 23 a
The cheerleader who the choreographer works with usually spends all year training for the national competition.
? Does the cheerleader train a lot for the competition? Y
# RCMOD 23 b
The cheerleader who the choreographer work with usually spends all year training for the national competition.
? Does the cheerleader not train that much for the competition? N
# RCMOD 23 c
The cheerleader who the choreographers works with usually spends all year training for the national competition.
? Does the cheerleader not train that much for the competition? N
# RCMOD 23 d
The cheerleader who the choreographers work with usually spends all year training for the national competition.
? Does the cheerleader train a lot for the competition? Y
# RCMOD 23 e
The cheerleaders who the choreographer works with usually spend all year training for the national competition.
? Do the cheerleaders train a lot for the competition? Y
# RCMOD 23 f
The cheerleaders who the choreographer work with usually spend all year training for the national competition.
? Do the cheerleaders not train that much for the competition? N
# RCMOD 23 g
The cheerleaders who the choreographers works with usually spend all year training for the national competition.
? Do the cheerleaders not train that much for the competition? N
# RCMOD 23 h
The cheerleaders who the choreographers work with usually spend all year training for the national competition.
? Do the cheerleaders train a lot for the competition? Y
# RCMOD 24 a
The therapist who the survivor meets with weekly is trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Does the survivor meet with the therapist only once and a while? N
# RCMOD 24 b
The therapist who the survivor meet with weekly is trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Has the therapist's patient undergone a very painful experience? Y
# RCMOD 24 c
The therapist who the survivors meets with weekly is trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Have the therapist's patients undergone very painful experiences? Y
# RCMOD 24 d
The therapist who the survivors meet with weekly is trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Do the survivors meet with the therapist only once and a while? N
# RCMOD 24 e
The therapists who the survivor meets with weekly are trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Does the survivor meet with the therapists only once and a while? N
# RCMOD 24 f
The therapists who the survivor meet with weekly are trying to help her recover from her awful ordeal.
? Has the therapists' patient undergone a very painful experience? Y
# RCMOD 24 g
The therapists who the survivors meets with weekly are trying to help them recover from their awful ordeal.
? Have the therapists' patients undergone very painful experiences? Y
# RCMOD 24 h
The therapists who the survivors meet with weekly are trying to help them recover from their awful ordeal.
? Do the survivors meet with the therapists only once and a while? N
# RCMOD 25 a
The sculptor who the donor supports so generously has held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Does the donor support a sculptor? Y
# RCMOD 25 b
The sculptor who the donor support so generously has held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Does the donor support a dancer? N
# RCMOD 25 c
The sculptor who the donors supports so generously has held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Do the donors support a sculptor? Y
# RCMOD 25 d
The sculptor who the donors support so generously has held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Do the donors support a dancer? N
# RCMOD 25 e
The sculptors who the donor supports so generously have held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Does the donor support sculptors? Y
# RCMOD 25 f
The sculptors who the donor support so generously have held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Does the donor support dancers? N
# RCMOD 25 g
The sculptors who the donors supports so generously have held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Do the donors support dancers? Y
# RCMOD 25 h
The sculptors who the donors support so generously have held several acclaimed exhibitions.
? Do the donors support dancers? N
# RCMOD 26 a
The musician who the reviewer praises so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Did the reviewer criticize the musician? N
# RCMOD 26 b
The musician who the reviewer praise so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Will the musician likely win an award? Y
# RCMOD 26 c
The musician who the reviewers praises so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Did the reviewers criticize the musician? N
# RCMOD 26 d
The musician who the reviewers praise so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Will the musician likely win an award? Y
# RCMOD 26 e
The musicians who the reviewer praises so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Did the reviewer criticize the musicians? N
# RCMOD 26 f
The musicians who the reviewer praise so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Will the musicians likely win an award? Y
# RCMOD 26 g
The musicians who the reviewers praises so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Did the reviewers criticize the musicians? N
# RCMOD 26 h
The musicians who the reviewers praise so highly will probably win a Grammy.
? Will the musicians likely win an award? Y
# RCMOD 27 a
The author who the librarian recommends for summer reading is very popular in India.
? Was the author recommended by a librarian? Y
# RCMOD 27 b
The author who the librarian recommend for summer reading is very popular in India.
? Was the author recommended by a librarian? Y
# RCMOD 27 c
The author who the librarians recommends for summer reading is very popular in India.
? Was the author recommended by a bookseller? N
# RCMOD 27 d
The author who the librarians recommend for summer reading is very popular in India.
? Was the author recommended by a bookseller? N
# RCMOD 27 e
The authors who the librarian recommends for summer reading are very popular in India.
? Were the authors recommended by a librarian? Y
# RCMOD 27 f
The authors who the librarian recommend for summer reading are very popular in India.
? Were the authors recommended by a librarian? Y
# RCMOD 27 g
The authors who the librarians recommends for summer reading are very popular in India.
? Were the authors recommended by a bookseller? N
# RCMOD 27 h
The authors who the librarians recommend for summer reading are very popular in India.
? Were the authors recommended by a bookseller? N
# RCMOD 28 a
The news anchor@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewer@r4 trusts@r5 the@r6 most@r7 has@r8 a slick hairstyle.
? Do viewers distrust anchors with slick hair? N
# RCMOD 28 b
The news anchor@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewer@r4 trust@r5 the@r6 most@r7 has@r8 a slick hairstyle.
? Do viewers distrust anchors with slick hair? N
# RCMOD 28 c
The news anchor@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewers@r4 trusts@r5 the@r6 most@r7 has@r8 a slick hairstyle.
? Has the anchors with slick hair earned trust from viewers? Y
# RCMOD 28 d
The news anchor@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewers@r4 trust@r5 the@r6 most@r7 has@r8 a slick hairstyle.
? Has the anchors with slick hair earned trust from viewers? Y
# RCMOD 28 e
The news anchors@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewer@r4 trusts@r5 the@r6 most@r7 have@r8 slick hairstyles.
? Do viewers distrust anchors with slick hair? N
# RCMOD 28 f
The news anchors@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewer@r4 trust@r5 the@r6 most@r7 have@r8 slick hairstyles.
? Do viewers distrust anchors with slick hair? N
# RCMOD 28 g
The news anchors@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewers@r4 trusts@r5 the@r6 most@r7 have@r8 slick hairstyles.
? Do anchors with slick hair earn trust from viewers? Y
# RCMOD 28 h
The news anchors@r1 who@r2 the@r3 viewers@r4 trust@r5 the@r6 most@r7 have@r8 slick hairstyles.
? Do anchors with slick hair earn trust from viewers? Y
# RCMOD 29 a
The journalist who the editor appreciates the most always turns her stories in promptly.
? Does the journalist file her stories on time? Y
# RCMOD 29 b
The journalist who the editor appreciate the most always turns her stories in promptly.
? Does the journalist file her stories on time? Y
# RCMOD 29 c
The journalist who the editors appreciates the most always turns her stories in promptly.
? Does the journalist file her stories on time? Y
# RCMOD 29 d
The journalist who the editors appreciate the most always turns her stories in promptly.
? Does the journalist file her stories on time? Y
# RCMOD 29 e
The journalists who the editor appreciates the most always turn their stories in promptly.
? Do the journalists fail to file their stories on time? N
# RCMOD 29 f
The journalists who the editor appreciate the most always turn their stories in promptly.
? Do the journalists fail to file their stories on time? N
# RCMOD 29 g
The journalists who the editors appreciates the most always turn their stories in promptly.
? Do the journalists fail to file their stories on time? N
# RCMOD 29 h
The journalists who the editors appreciate the most always turn their stories in promptly.
? Do the journalists fail to file their stories on time? N
# RCMOD 30 a
The skateboarder who the kid admires passionately always signs autographs for fans.
? Does the skateboarder refuse to give autographs? N
# RCMOD 30 b
The skateboarder who the kid admire passionately always signs autographs for fans.
? Does the skateboarder refuse to give autographs? N
# RCMOD 30 c
The skateboarder who the kids admires passionately always signs autographs for fans.
? Does the skateboarder refuse to give autographs? N
# RCMOD 30 d
The skateboarder who the kids admire passionately always signs autographs for fans.
? Does the skateboarder refuse to give autographs? N
# RCMOD 30 e
The skateboarders who the kid admires passionately always sign autographs for fans.
? Does the kid admire skateboarders? Y
# RCMOD 30 f
The skateboarders who the kid admire passionately always sign autographs for fans.
? Does the kid admire skateboarders? Y
# RCMOD 30 g
The skateboarders who the kids admires passionately always sign autographs for fans.
? Does the kid admire skateboarders? Y
# RCMOD 30 h
The skateboarders who the kids admire passionately always sign autographs for fans.
? Does the kid admire skateboarders? Y
# RCMOD 31 a
The cowboy who the rancher likes the most has thirty years of experience on the range.
? Is the rancher's favorite cowboy very experienced? Y
# RCMOD 31 b
The cowboy who the rancher like the most has thirty years of experience on the range.
? Is the rancher's favorite actually a new cowboy? N
# RCMOD 31 c
The cowboy who the ranchers likes the most has thirty years of experience on the range.
? Is the ranchers' favorite actually a new cowboy? N
# RCMOD 31 d
The cowboy who the ranchers like the most has thirty years of experience on the range.
? Is the ranchers' favorite cowboy very experienced? Y
# RCMOD 31 e
The cowboys who the rancher likes the most have thirty years of experience on the range.
? Are the rancher's favorite cowboys very experienced? Y
# RCMOD 31 f
The cowboys who the rancher like the most have thirty years of experience on the range.
? Are the rancher's favorites actually new cowboys? N
# RCMOD 31 g
The cowboys who the ranchers likes the most have thirty years of experience on the range.
? Are the ranchers' favorites actually new cowboys? N
# RCMOD 31 h
The cowboys who the ranchers like the most have thirty years of experience on the range.
? Are the ranchers' favorite cowboys very experienced? Y
# RCMOD 32 a
The receptionist who the boss gives the biggest projects never fails to do a stellar job.
? Does the receptionist usually fumble the important projects? N
# RCMOD 32 b
The receptionist who the boss give the biggest projects never fails to do a stellar job.
? Is the receptionist given the biggest projects a good choice? Y
# RCMOD 32 c
The receptionist who the bosses gives the biggest projects never fails to do a stellar job.
? Is the receptionist given the biggest projects a good choice? Y
# RCMOD 32 d
The receptionist who the bosses give the biggest projects never fails to do a stellar job.
? Does the receptionist usually fumble the important projects? N
# RCMOD 32 e
The receptionists who the boss gives the biggest projects never fail to do a stellar job.
? Do the receptionists usually fumble the important projects? N
# RCMOD 32 f
The receptionists who the boss give the biggest projects never fail to do a stellar job.
? Are the receptionists given the biggest projects a good choice? Y
# RCMOD 32 g
The receptionists who the bosses gives the biggest projects never fail to do a stellar job.
? Are the receptionists given the biggest projects a good choice? Y
# RCMOD 32 h
The receptionists who the bosses give the biggest projects never fail to do a stellar job.
? Do the receptionists usually fumble the important projects? N
# RCMOD 33 a
The chef who the gourmet visits regularly always comes up with daring new recipes.
? Does the chef try out different recipes? Y
# RCMOD 33 b
The chef who the gourmet visit regularly always comes up with daring new recipes.
? Does the chef usually prepare the same things? N
# RCMOD 33 c
The chef who the gourmets visits regularly always comes up with daring new recipes.
? Does the chef try out different recipes? Y
# RCMOD 33 d
The chef who the gourmets visit regularly always comes up with daring new recipes.
? Does the chef usually prepare the same things? N
# RCMOD 33 e
The chefs who the gourmet visits regularly always come up with daring new recipes.
? Do the chefs try out different recipes? Y
# RCMOD 33 f
The chefs who the gourmet visit regularly always come up with daring new recipes.
? Do the chefs usually prepare the same things? N
# RCMOD 33 g
The chefs who the gourmets visits regularly always come up with daring new recipes.
? Do the chefs try out different recipes? Y
# RCMOD 33 h
The chefs who the gourmets visit regularly always come up with daring new recipes.
? Do the chefs usually prepare the same things? N
# RCMOD 34 a
The quarterback who the recruiter watches from the bleachers every weekend might win a lucrative contract.
? Does the recruiter watch the quarterback from the coach's bench? N
# RCMOD 34 b
The quarterback who the recruiter watch from the bleachers every weekend might win a lucrative contract.
? Is there a recruiter in the bleachers every weekend? Y
# RCMOD 34 c
The quarterback who the recruiters watches from the bleachers every weekend might win a lucrative contract.
? Do the recruiters watch the quarterback from the coach's bench? N
# RCMOD 34 d
The quarterback who the recruiters watch from the bleachers every weekend might win a lucrative contract.
? Are there recruiters in the bleachers every weekend? Y
# RCMOD 34 e
The quarterbacks who the recruiter watches from the bleachers every weekend might win lucrative contracts.
? Does the recruiter watch the quarterbacks from the coach's bench? N
# RCMOD 34 f
The quarterbacks who the recruiter watch from the bleachers every weekend might win lucrative contracts.
? Is there a recruiter in the bleachers every weekend? Y
# RCMOD 34 g
The quarterbacks who the recruiters watches from the bleachers every weekend might win lucrative contracts.
? Do the recruiters watch the quarterbacks from the coach's bench? N
# RCMOD 34 h
The quarterbacks who the recruiters watch from the bleachers every weekend might win lucrative contracts.
? Are there recruiters in the bleachers every weekend? Y
# RCMOD 35 a
The caterer who the hostess recommends to her friends is excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Does the recommended caterer cost much? Y
# RCMOD 35 b
The caterer who the hostess recommend to her friends is excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Does the recommended caterer cost much? Y
# RCMOD 35 c
The caterer who the hostesses recommends to her friends is excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Does the recommended caterer charge low rates? N
# RCMOD 35 d
The caterer who the hostesses recommend to her friends is excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Does the recommended caterer charge low rates? N
# RCMOD 35 e
The caterers who the hostess recommends to her friends are excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Do the recommended caterers cost much? Y
# RCMOD 35 f
The caterers who the hostess recommend to her friends are excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Do the recommended caterers cost much? Y
# RCMOD 35 g
The caterers who the hostesses recommends to her friends are excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Do the recommended caterers charge low rates? N
# RCMOD 35 h
The caterers who the hostesses recommend to her friends are excellent but outrageously expensive.
? Do the recommended caterers charge low rates? N
# RCMOD 36 a
The bricklayer who the contractor assigns to important projects often doesn't show up on time.
? Does the contractor assign a punctual bricklayer to important projects? N
# RCMOD 36 b
The bricklayer who the contractor assign to important projects often doesn't show up on time.
? Does the contractor assign a punctual bricklayer to important projects? N
# RCMOD 36 c
The bricklayer who the contractors assigns to important projects often doesn't show up on time.
? Do the contractors assign a punctual bricklayer to important projects? Y
# RCMOD 36 d
The bricklayer who the contractors assign to important projects often doesn't show up on time.
? Do the contractors assign a punctual bricklayer to important projects? Y
# RCMOD 36 e
The bricklayers who the contractor assigns to important projects often don't show up on time.
? Does the contractor assign punctual bricklayers to important projects? N
# RCMOD 36 f
The bricklayers who the contractor assign to important projects often don't show up on time.
? Does the contractor assign punctual bricklayers to important projects? N
# RCMOD 36 g
The bricklayers who the contractors assigns to important projects often don't show up on time.
? Do the contractors assign punctual bricklayers to important projects? Y
# RCMOD 36 h
The bricklayers who the contractors assign to important projects often don't show up on time.
? Do the contractors assign punctual bricklayers to important projects? Y
# RCMOD 37 a
The surgeon who the nurse prefers to work with has an impeccable record in the operating room.
? Does the surgeon do good work? Y
# RCMOD 37 b
The surgeon who the nurse prefer to work with has an impeccable record in the operating room.
? Does the surgeon do good work? Y
# RCMOD 37 c
The surgeon who the nurses prefers to work with has an impeccable record in the operating room.
? Does the surgeon do good work? Y
# RCMOD 37 d
The surgeon who the nurses prefer to work with has an impeccable record in the operating room.
? Does the surgeon do good work? Y
# RCMOD 37 e
The surgeons who the nurse prefers to work with have impeccable records in the operating room.
? Do the surgeons do sloppy work? N
# RCMOD 37 f
The surgeons who the nurse prefer to work with have impeccable records in the operating room.
? Do the surgeons do sloppy work? N
# RCMOD 37 g
The surgeons who the nurses prefers to work with have impeccable records in the operating room.
? Do the surgeons do sloppy work? N
# RCMOD 37 h
The surgeons who the nurses prefer to work with have impeccable records in the operating room.
? Do the surgeons do sloppy work? N
# RCMOD 38 a
The student who the bully teases during lunch is too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the student let the teachers know he was being teased? N
# RCMOD 38 b
The student who the bully tease during lunch is too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the student let the teachers know he was being teased? N
# RCMOD 38 c
The student who the bullies teases during lunch is too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the student let the teachers know he was being teased? N
# RCMOD 38 d
The student who the bullies tease during lunch is too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the student let the teachers know he was being teased? N
# RCMOD 38 e
The students who the bully teases during lunch are too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the students hide the teasing from the teachers? Y
# RCMOD 38 f
The students who the bully tease during lunch are too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the students hide the teasing from the teachers? Y
# RCMOD 38 g
The students who the bullies teases during lunch are too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the students hide the teasing from the teachers? Y
# RCMOD 38 h
The students who the bullies tease during lunch are too afraid to tell the teachers.
? Did the students hide the teasing from the teachers? Y
# RCMOD 39 a
The philosopher who the scientist discusses during the radio program rarely expresses his ideas in plain language.
? Does the scientist discuss a philosopher on the radio? Y
# RCMOD 39 b
The philosopher who the scientist discuss during the radio program rarely expresses his ideas in plain language.
? Does the philosopher express himself clearly and straightforwardly? N
# RCMOD 39 c
The philosopher who the scientists discusses during the radio program rarely expresses his ideas in plain language.
? Does the philosopher express himself clearly and straightforwardly? N
# RCMOD 39 d
The philosopher who the scientists discuss during the radio program rarely expresses his ideas in plain language.
? Do the scientists discuss a philosopher on the radio? Y
# RCMOD 39 e
The philosophers who the scientist discusses during the radio program rarely express their ideas in plain language.
? Does the scientist discuss philosophers on the radio? Y
# RCMOD 39 f
The philosophers who the scientist discuss during the radio program rarely express their ideas in plain language.
? Do the philosophers express themselves clearly and straightforwardly? N
# RCMOD 39 g
The philosophers who the scientists discusses during the radio program rarely express their ideas in plain language.
? Do the philosophers express themselves clearly and straightforwardly? N
# RCMOD 39 h
The philosophers who the scientists discuss during the radio program rarely express their ideas in plain language.
? Do the scientists discuss philosophers on the radio? Y
# RCMOD 40 a
The translator who the diplomat needs for communication was working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Was the translator slacking off at the talks? N
# RCMOD 40 b
The translator who the diplomat need for communication was working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Was the translator working hard at the talks? Y
# RCMOD 40 c
The translator who the diplomats needs for communication was working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Was the translator working hard at the talks? Y
# RCMOD 40 d
The translator who the diplomats need for communication was working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Was the translator slacking off at the talks? N
# RCMOD 40 e
The translators who the diplomat needs for communication were working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Were the translators slacking off at the talks? N
# RCMOD 40 f
The translators who the diplomat need for communication were working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Were the translators working hard at the talks? Y
# RCMOD 40 g
The translators who the diplomats needs for communication were working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Were the translators working hard at the talks? Y
# RCMOD 40 h
The translators who the diplomats need for communication were working furiously to facilitate peace talks.
? Were the translators slacking off at the talks? N
# RCMOD 41 a
The senator who the voter listens to patiently at all the local political events just never seems trustworthy.
? Does the politician seem untrustworthy? Y
# RCMOD 41 b
The senator who the voter listen to patiently at all the local political events just never seems trustworthy.
? Does the politician ultimately seem trustworthy? N
# RCMOD 41 c
The senator who the voters listens to patiently at all the local political events just never seems trustworthy.
? Does the politician seem untrustworthy? Y
# RCMOD 41 d
The senator who the voters listen to patiently at all the local political events just never seems trustworthy.
? Does the politician ultimately seem trustworthy? N
# RCMOD 41 e
The senators who the voter listens to patiently at all the local political events just never seem trustworthy.
? Do the politicians seem untrustworthy? Y
# RCMOD 41 f
The senators who the voter listen to patiently at all the local political events just never seem trustworthy.
? Do the politicians ultimately seem trustworthy? N
# RCMOD 41 g
The senators who the voters listens to patiently at all the local political events just never seem trustworthy.
? Do the politicians seem untrustworthy? Y
# RCMOD 41 h
The senators who the voters listen to patiently at all the local political events just never seem trustworthy.
? Do the politicians ultimately seem trustworthy? N
# RCMOD 42 a
The judge who the criminal fears the most hands down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Does the feared judge only reserve tough sentences for serious crimes? N
# RCMOD 42 b
The judge who the criminal fear the most hands down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Does the feared judge give out tough sentences even for small crimes? Y
# RCMOD 42 c
The judge who the criminals fears the most hands down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Does the feared judge only reserve tough sentences for serious crimes? N
# RCMOD 42 d
The judge who the criminals fear the most hands down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Does the feared judge give out tough sentences even for small crimes? Y
# RCMOD 42 e
The judges who the criminal fears the most hand down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Do the feared judges only reserve tough sentences for serious crimes? N
# RCMOD 42 f
The judges who the criminal fear the most hand down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Do the feared judges give out tough sentences even for small crimes? Y
# RCMOD 42 g
The judges who the criminals fears the most hand down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Do the feared judges only reserve tough sentences for serious crimes? N
# RCMOD 42 h
The judges who the criminals fear the most hand down tough sentences for minor offenses.
? Do the feared judges give out tough sentences even for small crimes? Y
# RCMOD 43 a
The bartender who the patron gossips with after work always has new stories to tell.
? Does the bartender share gossip with his patrons? Y
# RCMOD 43 b
The bartender who the patron gossip with after work always has new stories to tell.
? Does the bartender share gossip with his patrons? Y
# RCMOD 43 c
The bartender who the patrons gossips with after work always has new stories to tell.
? Does the bartender withhold gossip from his patrons? N
# RCMOD 43 d
The bartender who the patrons gossip with after work always has new stories to tell.
? Does the bartender withhold gossip from his patrons? N
# RCMOD 43 e
The bartenders who the patron gossips with after work always have new stories to tell.
? Do the bartenders share gossip with the patrons? Y
# RCMOD 43 f
The bartenders who the patron gossip with after work always have new stories to tell.
? Do the bartenders share gossip with the patrons? Y
# RCMOD 43 g
The bartenders who the patrons gossips with after work always have new stories to tell.
? Do the bartenders withhold gossip from the patrons? N
# RCMOD 43 h
The bartenders who the patrons gossip with after work always have new stories to tell.
? Do the bartenders withhold gossip from the patrons? N
# RCMOD 44 a
The goalie who the fan holds the greatest confidence in is reliably calm under pressure.
? Does the fan trust a goalie who easily gets nervous? N
# RCMOD 44 b
The goalie who the fan hold the greatest confidence in is reliably calm under pressure.
? Does the fan trust a goalie who easily gets nervous? N
# RCMOD 44 c
The goalie who the fans holds the greatest confidence in is reliably calm under pressure.
? Do the fans trust a goalie who doesn't easily get nervous? Y
# RCMOD 44 d
The goalie who the fans hold the greatest confidence in is reliably calm under pressure.
? Do the fans trust a goalie who doesn't easily get nervous? Y
# RCMOD 44 e
The goalies who the fan holds the greatest confidence in are reliably calm under pressure.
? Does the fan trust goalies who easily get nervous? N
# RCMOD 44 f
The goalies who the fan hold the greatest confidence in are reliably calm under pressure.
? Does the fan trust goalies who easily get nervous? N
# RCMOD 44 g
The goalies who the fans holds the greatest confidence in are reliably calm under pressure.
? Do the fans trust goalie who don't easily get nervous? Y
# RCMOD 44 h
The goalies who the fans hold the greatest confidence in are reliably calm under pressure.
? Do the fans trust goalie who don't easily get nervous? Y
# RCMOD 45 a
The anthropologist who the villager respects the most has taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Does the villager respect the anthropologist? Y
# RCMOD 45 b
The anthropologist who the villager respect the most has taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Does the villager respect the anthropologist? Y
# RCMOD 45 c
The anthropologist who the villagers respects the most has taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Do the villagers respect the anthropologist? Y
# RCMOD 45 d
The anthropologist who the villagers respect the most has taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Do the villagers respect the anthropologist? Y
# RCMOD 45 e
The anthropologists who the villager respects the most have taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Does the villager not respect the anthropologists? N
# RCMOD 45 f
The anthropologists who the villager respect the most have taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Does the villager not respect the anthropologists? N
# RCMOD 45 g
The anthropologists who the villagers respects the most have taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Do the villagers not respect the anthropologists? N
# RCMOD 45 h
The anthropologists who the villagers respect the most have taken great pains to learn the local customs.
? Do the villagers not respect the anthropologists? N
# RCMOD 46 a
The heiress who the bachelor pursues so relentlessly is clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelor be able to mislead the heiress without difficulty? N
# RCMOD 46 b
The heiress who the bachelor pursue so relentlessly is clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelor be able to mislead the heiress without difficulty? N
# RCMOD 46 c
The heiress who the bachelors pursues so relentlessly is clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelors be able to mislead the heiress without difficulty? N
# RCMOD 46 d
The heiress who the bachelors pursue so relentlessly is clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelors be able to mislead the heiress without difficulty? N
# RCMOD 46 e
The heiresses who the bachelor pursues so relentlessly are clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelor be able to mislead the heiresses without difficulty? Y
# RCMOD 46 f
The heiresses who the bachelor pursue so relentlessly are clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelor be able to mislead the heiresses without difficulty? Y
# RCMOD 46 g
The heiresses who the bachelors pursues so relentlessly are clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelors be able to mislead the heiresses without difficulty? Y
# RCMOD 46 h
The heiresses who the bachelors pursue so relentlessly are clever and won't be easily fooled.
? Will the bachelors be able to mislead the heiresses without difficulty? Y
# RCMOD 47 a
The programmer who the manager oversees at the software firm is eccentric and difficult to control.
? Does the manager work at a software company? Y
# RCMOD 47 b
The programmer who the manager oversee at the software firm is eccentric and difficult to control.
? Does the manager work at a car dealership? N
# RCMOD 47 c
The programmer who the managers oversees at the software firm is eccentric and difficult to control.
? Do the managers work at a car dealership? N
# RCMOD 47 d
The programmer who the managers oversee at the software firm is eccentric and difficult to control.
? Do the managers work at a software company? Y
# RCMOD 47 e
The programmers who the manager oversees at the software firm are eccentric and difficult to control.
? Does the manager work at a software company? Y
# RCMOD 47 f
The programmers who the manager oversee at the software firm are eccentric and difficult to control.
? Does the manager work at a car dealership? N
# RCMOD 47 g
The programmers who the managers oversees at the software firm are eccentric and difficult to control.
? Do the managers work at a car dealership? N
# RCMOD 47 h
The programmers who the managers oversee at the software firm are eccentric and difficult to control.
? Do the managers work at a software company? Y
# RCMOD 48 a
The actress who the designer creates award show dresses for is extremely fickle and demanding.
? Does the designer make swimwear for the actress? N
# RCMOD 48 b
The actress who the designer create award show dresses for is extremely fickle and demanding.
? Does the designer make the actress's award show dresses? Y
# RCMOD 48 c
The actress who the designers creates award show dresses for is extremely fickle and demanding.
? Do the designers make the actress's award show dresses? Y
# RCMOD 48 d
The actress who the designers create award show dresses for is extremely fickle and demanding.
? Do the designers make swimwear for the actress? N
# RCMOD 48 e
The actresses who the designer creates award show dresses for are extremely fickle and demanding.
? Does the designer make swimwear for the actresses? N
# RCMOD 48 f
The actresses who the designer create award show dresses for are extremely fickle and demanding.
? Does the designer make the actresses' award show dresses? Y
# RCMOD 48 g
The actresses who the designers creates award show dresses for are extremely fickle and demanding.
? Do the designers make the actresses' award show dresses? Y
# RCMOD 48 h
The actresses who the designers create award show dresses for are extremely fickle and demanding.
? Do the designers make swimwear for the actresses? N