1. The slogan on the poster(s) (unsurprisingly) was/were designed to get attention. 
2. The picture on the flier(s) (definitely) was/were of a village church in the south of France.
3. The mistake in the program(s) (certainly) was/were disastrous for the small software company.
4. The label on the container(s) (probably) was/were a warning about the hazardous chemicals inside.
5. The problem in the store(s) (ultimately) was/were solved by firing the custodian.
6. The name on the billboard(s) (probably) was/were of a prominent local businessman.
7. The crime in the suburb(s) (doubtlessly) was/were a reflection of the violence in today's society.
8. The defect in the appliance(s) (likely) was/were unknown to consumers and government regulators.
9. The citation on the notecard(s) (unfortunately) was/were quite difficult to track down using the library's limited resources.
10. The advertisement on the skyscraper(s) (typically) was/were hard to read except from a long distance away.
11. The traitor in the camp(s) (regrettably) was/were passing information to the enemy through various secret methods.
12. The flaw in the argument(s) (usually) was/were clear to everyone in the lecture hall after just five minutes. 13. The door to the laborator(ies) (accidentally) was/were left unlocked by the cleaning service.
14. The memo from the supervisor(s) (unfortunately) was/were about the delinquent tax return.
15. The check from the stockbroker(s) (happily) was/were a dividend on a long-term bond.
16. The key to the cell(s) (unsurprisingly) was/were rusty from many years of disuse.
17. The letter from the investigator(s) (allegedly) was/were received in San Francisco in late March.
18. The entrance to the exhibit(s) (evidently) was/were hard to locate on the diagram.
19. The warning from the expert(s) (unsurprisingly) was/were a shock to the residents of the city.
20. The bridge to the island(s) (apparently) was/were about ten miles off the main highway.
72
21. The gift from the visitor(s) (apparently) was/were a beautiful clock from Germany.
22. The path to the monument(s) (happily) was/were lined with lovely trees and flowers.
23. The message from the engineer(s) (regrettably) was/were about the recent weakening to the building's structural supports.
24. The gate to the pasture(s) (evidently) was/were falling down due to disrepair.